feat: add HTTP store support (#61)
ilan-gold/zarrs-python: README.md

We export a `ZarrsCodecPipeline` class so that `zarr-python` can use the class but it is not meant to be instantiated and we do not guarantee the stability of its API beyond what is required so that `zarr-python` can use it.  Therefore, it is not documented here.  We also export two errors, `DiscontiguousArrayError` and `CollapsedDimensionError` that can be thrown in the process of converting to indexers that `zarrs` can understand (see below for more details).

At the moment, we only support a subset of the `zarr-python` stores:

- [x] [LocalStore](https://zarr.readthedocs.io/en/main/_autoapi/zarr/storage/local/index.html) (FileSystem)
- [RemoteStore](https://zarr.readthedocs.io/en/main/_autoapi/zarr/storage/remote/index.html)
  - [x] [HTTPFileSystem](https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#fsspec.implementations.http.HTTPFileSystem)

> A `NotImplemented` error will be raised if a store is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `NotImplementedError` will be raised if a store is not supported.
```

`NotImplemented` also exists in Python, so let’s make clear that we don’t mean that

Author: Good catch!
